Talk to me, everyone, I'm going today.
to teach you how to get money
easy and fast people online
but mostly honestly then
stay connected
and let's go to the video the first step is
you save money if the ultimate
he was going to get a very big critique of
Your pocket has two save modes.
money over the internet for a box
electronic
the safest on the internet so a
money you get a game you
it was not to lose let's go to the
next step and if it's easier you
can drop the convenience stores
scattered on the map she always has a
market sixth symbol
but remember to put a mask on it
hamper police work
placing two stars sought in
You when the robbery ends in the store.
make sure the store has another box and
shoot him so the ceará got the
double the money you got in the
first box
after the escape I always remember to take the
music you can find cars in
and take them to the courses.
to sell and thus will not be able to
money faster but remembering
that you can only sell the cars in one
48-minute interval
or if on the day of the game after you
get to level 10
simon will send several messages
talking about what vehicles he is
is looking for and reminding you
find vehicles delivered he will pay you
more than the evolution of costs are
also high priority vehicles
marked as a green stand on the frame
but beware all the players will see
he on the map
so be quick there are also prizes
to kill the player
every once in a while someone puts a
reward over another person
if you kill and you will receive the
amount that another player coconut case you
be drawn away by hiding
players for a day or 48
minutes in real life
so the money that the guy put
about you will fall into your account and
last I recommend you to do the
daily goals
each day you will have three goals
and making the 3 you will be
rewarded 25 thousand and 3 mil rp
if you make everyday goals all
the days for a week you will be
rewarded with 5 thousand money in 50
thousand and now make the accounts are 25 thousand
per day that in one week added 165 thousand
weekly handbags is 100 thousand in cash
and nrp 50 now multiply that by
four and we have one million one hundred thousand
add the 500 thousand monthly bonus and
we reached a million and 600 thousand books and
194 000 of iptu
some goals are really simple
how to go to a cinema that will consume
a few minutes
others serve to direct the player
for less popular modes like
death match of some vehicles
require more work, such as eliminating 20
people in the woods kill
So that's what people like today's video
It was this one and I hope I have helped you and
until the next video